Privacy Policy
Ansh Nagwekar, William Huang, David Muniz, Samanyu Dixit, Rohan Mhetar, and Ryleigh Sibley built the NABU Interface app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ansh Nagwekar,
William Huang, David Muniz, Samanyu Dixit, Rohan Mhetar, and Ryleigh Sibley at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.

Information Collection and Use

If you choose to use our Service, we will not collect any personal information. All entered information is entered anonymously and stored in the user's local device files. 
We have no access to any user entered information.

The app does not use third party services to collect information used to identify you.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” in anyway.

Service Providers

We do not employ any third-party comapnies or individuals for any reason.

Security

Although we do not collect any Personal Information, please remember that no use of technology or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. We cannot guarantee 
your information's absolute security on your device.

Links to Other Sites

This Service contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. 
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party sites.

Children’s Privacy

As with all users, we do not collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new 
Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-11-30

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at nagwekarwrld@gmail.com.
